![alt text](https://github.com/BoomerangProject/boomerang-wiki/blob/master/images/logo.png "Boomerang Logo")
# November 2018 Meeting Notes

## Update 11/5/2018
Kyle spent last two weeks learning about what Ethereum's development future holds, and possible tools that Boomerang can utilize.

### Below is my proposal for developing Boomerang over the next two months:
  - Have one meeting per week between Eric, Kyle, and Garin to discuss features to be tackled in the week.
  - Create issues relating to screens and APIs that need to be built, each issue should correspond to a complete functionality of the dApp. (ie - Implement business review request submission, Implement customer review submisson, Implement user profiles)
  - Merge changes from the UniversalLoginSDK once a week, this may be a 1-2 day task depending on changes.
  - Kyle will take on an issue at a time, and Garin will build designs around that feature. We will consult if issues between design and implementation arise.
  - Designs will be logged and need to be integrated into implementation down the road.
